feat: convert skills to AgentSkills standard format (#9)
OpenHands/skills: skills/agent-sdk-builder/SKILL.md

Additional guidelines:
- Users can configure their LLM API Key using an environment variable named "LLM_API_KEY"

> - Unless otherwise specified, default to this model: openhands/claude-sonnet-4-20250514. This is configurable through the LLM_BASE_MODEL environment variable.

Author: ```suggestion
- Unless otherwise specified, default to this model: openhands/claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929. This is configurable through the LLM_BASE_MODEL environment variable.
```
